1.) What is the role of AWS/Azure/GCP in DevOps?
Ans: It is helpful for the Software Development life cycle and role of AWS/Azure/GCP cloud platforms are needy for DevOps tools to decrease manual workflows and 
     with the help of public and private clouds it is easy to build the code, Test, Deploy and Delivery Environments for the Advanced application. when Deploying to production 
     frequently requires new or additional infrastructure. Cloud offers high speed and flexible.
     
2.) How will the approach a project that needs to implement the DevOps?
Ans: I have good hands on expericence in implementing DevOps culture in On-premise and Cloud Environmnets. I implemented DevOps for ETL. Please find the Detail 
information given below:
      Discover: 
               Identify current ETL landscape and transformations
               Understand the customer’s Development, QA and Operations teams prior to the
               engagement with DevOps Questionnaire
      Assess:
               Assess your current development and operations processes and the technologies and solutions you use
               Optimized workflow process
      Evaluate:
               Create an automated build and release pipeline for the selected work items
               Migration of existing data into the proposed toolsets.
      Implementation:
                     Workflow has been adopted by the team, release IaC.
                     Start getting benefits of the new approach.
                     
3.) Mention some of the core benefits of DevOps?
Ans:  Adapting DevOps culture as many benefits like coordination among operations, development, and testing functions by automating and
streamlining the integration and deployment processes.
DevOps had ability to make changes to the platform and roll out new features on the fly. And also easy update the infrastruture easily.
We can easily identify the fix bugs in starting stage of Development and patch issues as they arise and can respond to customer needs quickly.

4.) What are the different phases in DevOps?
Ans: Plan, Code, Build, Test, Release, Deploy, Operate and Monitor.

5.) Explain the concept of branching in Git.
Ans: Git allows different functionality code to be created on different branches separately later it can be merged with the master branch. This helps creating a code 
in an culturing way. Whenever a branch in created whatever is the commit history of the master will be copied into the newly created branch.

6.) What is a merge conflict in Git, and how can it be resolved?
Ans: When two separate branches have made edits to the same line in a file or when a file has been deleted in one branch but edited in the other. Conflicts are most
likely to happen when working in team environments.
Resolve a conflict: 1.) Identify the files that have caused the confilct. 2.) Make the necessary changes in the files so that conflict does not arise again.
3.) Add these files by the command git add .  4.) Finally to commit the changed file using the commands.


   
   
   
   
   
   
